Add reset frequency to cached balance (#738)
omisego/ewallet: docs/setup/advanced/settings.md

The local ledger offers a caching mechanism for wallets in order to boost the calculation speed (in case you have millions of transactions).

- `balance_caching_strategy`: Specify if new cached wallets should be computed using a previous cache or by recalculating everything from scratch.

> - `balance_caching_reset_frequency`: Specify after how many times a cached balance needs to be recalculated from the beginning and not use the last cached balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `balance_caching_reset_frequency`: Specify that a cached balance needs to be recalculated at the n<sup>th</sup> time of usage.
```

- `balance_caching_strategy`: Specify if new cached wallets should be computed using a previous cache or by recalculating everything from scratch.

  Strategies available:
  - `since_beginning`: Recalculate the balance since the beginning of time.
  - `since_last_cached`: Use the last cached balance, adds the transactions that happened since and saves the result in a new cached balance.

> - `balance_caching_reset_frequency`: Specify that a cached balance needs to be recalculated at the n<sup>th</sup> time of usage when using a `since_last_cached` caching strategy. Setting this to 0 means that cached balances will never be re-calculated from the beginning.

Reviewer: This one leaves a room open for interpretation when `since_last_cached` is not used. Suggesting...

```suggestion
- `balance_caching_reset_frequency`: Specify that a cached balance needs to be recalculated at the n<sup>th</sup> time of usage. Setting this to 0 means that cached balances will never be re-calculated from the beginning. Applicable only when `since_last_cached` caching strategy is used.
```
